Enhance and restructure AutoOps pages (#3955)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/autoops-sm-troubleshoot-firewalls.md

:::::{tab-set}
:group: api-key-or-basic

::::{tab-item} API key
:sync: api-key

```json
curl -XGET -i $AUTOOPS_ES_URL \
-H "Authorization: ApiKey $AUTOOPS_ES_API_KEY"
```
::::

::::{tab-item} Basic
:sync: basic

```json
curl -XGET -i $AUTOOPS_ES_URL \
-u $AUTOOPS_ES_USERNAME
```
::::

:::::

The command returns a response similar to:

```json
{
"name" : "1c72f00a6195",
"cluster_name" : "my-ccm-cluster",
"cluster_uuid" : "2O_EjO6kTR6AEVYwL5fPEw",
"version" : {
"number" : "9.1.3",
"build_flavor" : "default",
"build_type" : "docker",
"build_hash" : "0c781091a2f57de895a73a1391ff8426c0153c8d",
"build_date" : "2025-08-24T22:05:04.526302670Z",
"build_snapshot" : false,
"lucene_version" : "10.2.2",
"minimum_wire_compatibility_version" : "8.19.0",
"minimum_index_compatibility_version" : "8.0.0"
},
"tagline" : "You Know, for Search"
}
```

If you did not receive a similar response, your system returns an error indicating one or more reasons for failure as outlined in the following table. Use the corresponding proposed solution to fix the issue.

| Reason for failure | Proposed solution |
| :--- | :--- |

> | The {{es}} endpoint URL you specified is incorrect/not reachable | - Make sure you are using `http` or `https` correctly. <br> - Make sure you are providing the correct port. The default port is **9200**. <br> - If you have verified that the URL is correct, your network team might need to open the firewall to allow-list this URL. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The {{es}} endpoint URL you specified is incorrect/not reachable | - Make sure you are using the correct protocol in the cluster URL: `http` or `https`. <br> - Make sure you are providing the correct port. The default port is **9200**. <br> - If you have verified that the URL is correct, your network team might need to open the firewall to allow-list this URL. |
```
